1. My heels were so cracked that they snagged the carpet, got stuck then would rip and bleed. Over and over again. It would hurt to walk on my heels, they would not heal properly... I would pick the dry edges and make it bleed more when I peeled the skin off, it was just a vicious cycle. I tried lotions but hate getting stains all over my sheets, socks are too hot to wear to sleep, this was the perfect solution, I apply my foot cream and then this heel cup and it feels so much better even after the first use! I paid $40 for one pair which I thought was rather expensive but it’s reusable and my feet seriously feel SO MUCH better.

2.I was hesitant... these seem too good to be true. But I’m now a believer! I have Type 1 Diabetes and I swear I can not soften my heels no matter what I do. Until now! The first night, I slathered foot lotion on and put the heel cups on and they were a little loose. The feeling kept me awake at first, but then I fell asleep and woke up to dead skin practically falling off my heels. It wasn’t as dramatic the next few nights after that initial sloughing, but every morning saw an improvement. I’m a week in and there is no more visible cracking or staining. 

3.I purchased two pair. I wear a size 8 shoe and I have a wide foot with a high arch, the medium fits. My husband is a size 10 and the large fits him. These are more structured and cup the heel better than the cheaper variety. They are very comfortable to wear with shoes or to sleep in and they stay right in place. The first night I had them I put a small dab of cocoa jelly around my heel and slept in them. I could not believe the difference the next morning.

4.Absolutely love this product. Best remedy to dry, cracked heels. Highly recommended to use after filing away some of the dry skin and with a high moisturized lotion to seal in the moisture while you sleep. Trust me, you will wake up with new pair of heels.

5.I was surprisingly pleased with the effectiveness of these heel cups. Typically when you wear socks with your moisturizer, you lose out on the product absorbed by the socks and it can be stifling to wear socks throughout the night. I noticed a huge difference in the softness of my heels and an improvement in the skin.

6.I use these every night and the results are amazing. I wear a size 9 women’s shoes and I have skinny ankles- the medium is perfectly comfortable. They stay on- they’re comfy and my heels have not been this soft since before I had kids. I would recommend this for anyone who has been fighting their cracked heels.

7.I rarely write a review but I had to with this product. Everyone with hard cracked heels needs to buy these! This product works! I’m a female size 9.5 shoe and got the medium (as they suggested) and it’s a perfect fit. Used them last night with no issues and my feet are soft! What you all don’t realize is just how horrible my calluses are on my heels. I cannot believe how soft they are by using my usual moisturizer. You will not be disappointed and go by their size chart.

8.As an athlete I've always been battling my sore heels. My mother used to make me sleep with my feet wrapped in lotion, saran wrap and multiple socks just to fix my cracked heels! Finding HealaHeel has been a life saver!! I'm so happy I don't have to deal with all that hassle, and discomfort anymore. These are awesome!

